[EuiCodeBlock] Anchor annotation down left (#6600)
elastic/eui: upcoming_changelogs/6600.md

> - Updated CodeBlockAnnotations to have an anchor position of "downLeft"

Reviewer: Super minor changelog copy suggestion and I think this is good to go!
```suggestion
- Updated `EuiCodeBlock` annotation popovers to have an anchor position of `downLeft`
```
